fix(tuto): tutorial content review (#3253)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/install-parse-server/index.mdx

By default, Node.js is not available in the Ubuntu 20.04 default repository. Therefore Node.js needs to be added to the repository of your system. In addition, ensure `curl` is installed on your system.

> The steps provided for installing Node.js on a Debian-based system like Ubuntu or Debian are generally still considered best practices. However, there have been some updates and improvements. Here is an updated set of instructions for installing Node.js:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps provided for installing Node.js on a Debian-based system like Ubuntu or Debian are generally still considered best practice. However, there have been some updates and improvements. Here is an updated set of instructions for installing Node.js:
```

> The steps you provided for installing Node.js on a Debian-based system like Ubuntu or Debian are generally still considered best practices. However, there have been some updates and improvements. Here's a refined and updated set of instructions for installing Node.js:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The steps provided for installing Node.js on a Debian-based system like Ubuntu or Debian are generally still considered best practices. However, there have been some updates and improvements. Here is an updated set of instructions for installing Node.js:
```

1. Update the system packages:
    ```bash
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt upgrade
    ```

2. Install the required packages:
    ```bash
    sudo apt install -y ca-certificates curl gnupg
    ```

3. Add the NodeSource APT repository:
    - Create the necessary directory:
        ```bash
        sudo mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings
        ```
    - Download and add the NodeSource GPG key:
        ```bash
        curl -fsSL https://deb.nodesource.com/gpgkey/nodesource-repo.gpg.key | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/nodesource.gpg
        ```
    - Add the NodeSource repository:
        ```bash
        NODE_MAJOR=18
        echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/nodesource.gpg] https://deb.nodesource.com/node_$NODE_MAJOR.x nodistro main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nodesource.list
        ```

> 4. nstall Node.js:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Install Node.js:
```

    ```bash
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt install -y nodejs
    ```

> 5. Verify the Installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify the installation:
```

> 5. Verify the Installation**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Verify the Installation:
```

    ```bash
    node -v
    ```

These steps should install Node.js efficiently on your system. Additionally, you might consider using NVM (Node Version Manager) for greater flexibility in managing multiple Node.js versions, especially in a development environment【7†source】【8†source】.

> 

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the 【7†source】【8†source】part
